{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Cambria;}}\viewkind4\uc1\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\widowctrl
\pard\qc\b\f1\fs56\sa360 The Ultimate Mac and Cheese Book\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 A modern, comfort-forward collection of 100 mac and cheese recipes designed for both Kindle eBook flowable formatting and print-ready layout. Headings follow a consistent hierarchy for easy export.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 How to Use This Book\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Format: \b0 H1 for the title, H2 for major sections, H3 for recipes. Keep ingredient bullets simple and steps numbered.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Portions: \b0 Most recipes serve 4. Scale by multiplying ingredient amounts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Dietary swaps: \b0 Milk can be swapped for evaporated milk, half-and-half, or dairy-free alternatives. Pasta shapes are flexible—use what holds sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Baking vs. stovetop: \b0 Recipes noting "bake" include a topping and oven finish. Stovetop versions finish in the pot.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Safety: \b0 Keep hot foods above 140°F (60°C) and cool leftovers quickly.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Table of Contents\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Title & How to Use\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Pantry & Tools\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Quick Troubleshooting\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Recipe Index (100 recipes)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Batch Cooking & Freezing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Conversions & Measurements\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Pantry & Tools\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Cheeses: \b0 Cheddar, Monterey Jack, mozzarella, Gruyère, Swiss, Gouda, Parmesan, cream cheese, blue cheese, feta, goat cheese.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Dairy: \b0 Whole milk, evaporated milk, half-and-half, heavy cream, Greek yogurt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Thickeners: \b0 Roux (butter + flour), cornstarch slurry, or reduced-cream sauces.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Flavor builders: \b0 Mustard, hot sauce, smoked paprika, garlic/onion powder, Worcestershire, miso, curry paste.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Crunchy toppings: \b0 Panko, crushed crackers, kettle chips, fried onions, toasted seeds or nuts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Gear: \b0 4–6 qt pot, 10–12 in skillet, casserole dish, whisk, wooden spoon, baking sheet.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Quick Troubleshooting\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Grainy sauce: \b0 Lower heat; add a splash of cream and whisk. Melt cheese off direct heat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Thin sauce: \b0 Simmer 2–3 minutes to reduce or whisk in 1 tsp cornstarch slurry.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Dry baked mac: \b0 Stir in 1/2 cup warm milk before topping and baking.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Clumpy cheese: \b0 Add cheese gradually with constant stirring; keep below a simmer.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Recipe Index (100 recipes)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Classic Stovetop Comfort\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Baked Cheddar Crust\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab One-Pot Weeknight\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Creamy Instant Pot\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 5.\tab Slow Cooker Family\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 6.\tab Sheet Pan Crunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 7.\tab Skillet Bacon Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 8.\tab Caramelized Onion Gruyère\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 9.\tab Broccoli Cheddar Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 10.\tab Spinach Artichoke\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 11.\tab Buffalo Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 12.\tab BBQ Pulled Pork\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 13.\tab Cajun Andouille\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 14.\tab Jalapeño Popper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 15.\tab Pesto Caprese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 16.\tab Sun-Dried Tomato Basil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 17.\tab Roasted Garlic Parmesan\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 18.\tab Truffle Mushroom\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 19.\tab Lobster Luxe\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 20.\tab Crab & Old Bay\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 21.\tab Shrimp Scampi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 22.\tab Salmon Dill\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 23.\tab Tuna Melt Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 24.\tab Greek Feta Olive\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 25.\tab Caponata Eggplant\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 26.\tab Ratatouille Veggie\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 27.\tab Roasted Red Pepper Gouda\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 28.\tab Kimchi Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 29.\tab Bulgogi Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 30.\tab Teriyaki Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 31.\tab Sweet Chili Shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 32.\tab Tikka Masala\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 33.\tab Butter Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 34.\tab Paneer Makhani\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 35.\tab Birria Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 36.\tab Carne Asada\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 37.\tab Chorizo Queso\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 38.\tab Taco Tuesday\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 39.\tab Enchilada Verde\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 40.\tab Chipotle Black Bean\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 41.\tab Butternut Sage\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 42.\tab Pumpkin Brown Butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 43.\tab Sweet Potato Maple\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 44.\tab Cauliflower Alfredo\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 45.\tab Zucchini Herb\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 46.\tab Peas & Mint\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 47.\tab Primavera Veggie\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 48.\tab Green Goddess\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 49.\tab Spinach Ricotta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 50.\tab Four-Cheese Supreme\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 51.\tab Smoked Gouda Bacon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 52.\tab Applewood Ham Swiss\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 53.\tab Philly Steak & Peppers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 54.\tab Pepperoni Pizza\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 55.\tab Sausage & Peppers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 56.\tab Meatball Marinara\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 57.\tab Baked Ziti Mashup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 58.\tab Carbonara Style\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 59.\tab Alfredo Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 60.\tab Lemon Pepper Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 61.\tab Herbed Rotisserie Leftover\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 62.\tab Farmers Market Corn\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 63.\tab Elote Street Corn\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 64.\tab BLT Mac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 65.\tab Dill Pickle Crunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 66.\tab Nashville Hot Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 67.\tab Honey Mustard Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 68.\tab Maple Sausage Breakfast\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 69.\tab Bagel & Lox Brunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 70.\tab French Onion Gratin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 71.\tab Beer Cheese Brat\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 72.\tab Stout Braised Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 73.\tab Cider Apple Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 74.\tab Blue Cheese & Walnut\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 75.\tab Pear Gorgonzola\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 76.\tab Fig Prosciutto\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 77.\tab Smoked Salmon Pea\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 78.\tab Sardine & Lemon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 79.\tab Clam Chowder Style\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 80.\tab Chili Mac Ranchero\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 81.\tab Firehouse Three-Bean\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 82.\tab Smoky Paprika Turkey\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 83.\tab Thai Red Curry\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 84.\tab Coconut Lime Shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 85.\tab Lemongrass Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 86.\tab Miso Sesame\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 87.\tab Teriyaki Tofu\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 88.\tab Crispy Paneer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 89.\tab Falafel Spiced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 90.\tab Za'atar Roasted Veg\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 91.\tab Moroccan Chickpea\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 92.\tab Harissa Halloumi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 93.\tab Shawarma Spiced Lamb\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 94.\tab Sumac Roasted Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 95.\tab Caraway Cabbage Kielbasa\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 96.\tab Pierogi-Inspired Potato\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 97.\tab Everything Bagel Cauli\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 98.\tab Biryani-Spiced Veg\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 99.\tab Pho Broth Mac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 100.\tab Ramen Broth Mac\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Recipes\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 01: Classic Stovetop Comfort\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy cheddar with a hint of mustard.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Dijon mustard\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt and black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Boil pasta in salted water until al dente; drain.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In a pot, melt butter and whisk in flour for 1 minute.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Slowly whisk in milk; simmer until thickened. Season with mustard, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Off heat, stir in cheddar until smooth. Fold in pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with paprika or chives before serving.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 02: Baked Cheddar Crust\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Golden panko crust over a creamy cheddar base.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter, divided\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups medium cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup panko + 1 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Worcestershire, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta to al dente; drain.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with 3 tbsp butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar with Worcestershire, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine pasta and sauce in a casserole; top with panko mixed with remaining butter and oil. Bake at 375°F for 15–18 minutes until browned.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a squeeze of lemon over the crust for brightness.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 03: One-Pot Weeknight\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 5 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: One-pot\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Minimal dishes with creamy texture.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz small shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups broth (chicken or veggie)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Colby Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab In a pot, combine shells, broth, and milk; simmer, stirring, until pasta is tender.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Reduce heat; stir in cream cheese until melted.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add Colby Jack gradually until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper; rest 2 minutes before serving.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Stir in 1/2 cup peas or chopped spinach for color.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 04: Creamy Instant Pot\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 5 min | Cook: 6 min + release | Style: Pressure cooker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Ultra creamy with minimal effort.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 cups water\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 tsp salt\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup evaporated milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups cheddar-Jack blend, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp hot sauce\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Add pasta, water, butter, and salt to the pot. Cook on High Pressure for 4 minutes; quick release.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Switch to sauté (low). Stir in evaporated milk and hot sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add cheese in handfuls, stirring until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Let stand 2 minutes to thicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with crushed kettle chips.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 05: Slow Cooker Family\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 8 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 2–3 hrs low | Style: Slow cooker\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Crowd-pleasing, set-and-forget.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta, parboiled 5 minutes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup heavy cream\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter, melted\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups mild cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Velveeta or processed cheese, cubed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp paprika, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Grease the slow cooker; add parboiled pasta.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Whisk milk, cream, butter, paprika, and salt; pour over pasta.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Scatter cheeses on top; stir to combine.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Cook on Low 2–3 hours, stirring once at midpoint.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with chopped parsley or green onions before serving.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 06: Sheet Pan Crunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Crisp edges with cheesy pull.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb cavatappi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup crushed crackers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp smoked paprika, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Boil pasta; drain and set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make a roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheddar and mozzarella until smooth; fold in pasta.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Spread on a lined sheet pan; top with crushed crackers. Bake at 400°F for 12–15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle with hot honey after baking.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 07: Skillet Bacon Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoky bacon with sharp cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 6 strips bacon, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup pasta water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In a skillet, crisp bacon; remove, leaving drippings.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in milk; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheddar and pepper; fold in pasta and bacon. Loosen with pasta water if needed.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with sliced green onions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 08: Caramelized Onion Gruyère\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 35 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet onions and nutty Gruyère.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 large onions, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 3/4 cups beef or veggie broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp thyme, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In a skillet, caramelize onions in oil over medium-low for 15–18 minutes with thyme and a pinch of salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in broth; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Off heat, melt in Gruyère and pepper. Fold in pasta; broil 2–3 minutes for a bubbly top.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a handful of toasted baguette crumbs for French onion soup vibes.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 09: Broccoli Cheddar Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bright broccoli with classic cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups small broccoli florets, blanched\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup panko\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; combine with blanched broccoli.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make a roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick. Season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar. Mix sauce with pasta and broccoli.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Transfer to baking dish; top with panko. Bake at 375°F for 18–20 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Squeeze lemon over the baked top to brighten.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 10: Spinach Artichoke\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy dip turned pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups spinach, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup marinated artichoke hearts, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; toss with spinach to wilt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk. Stir in cream cheese.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in mozzarella and Parmesan; season with red pepper, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and artichokes. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes until bubbling.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with extra Parmesan and broil 1 minute for color.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 11: Buffalo Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Tangy heat with blue cheese crumble.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/3 cup buffalo sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup blue cheese crumbles\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; combine with chicken and buffalo sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and garlic powder.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar and Jack; season with salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Stir sauce into pasta. Top with blue cheese and bake at 375°F for 15–18 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle with ranch or extra buffalo sauce before serving.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 12: BBQ Pulled Pork\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoky-sweet with sharp cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb cavatappi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups pulled pork\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup BBQ sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups smoked cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp onion powder, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup crispy fried onions\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; toss with pulled pork and BBQ sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk, onion powder, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in smoked cheddar.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Mix sauce with pasta; top with fried onions. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add pickled jalapeños for tang.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 13: Cajun Andouille\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy sausage with bell peppers.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz andouille sausage, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 red bell pepper, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp Cajun seasoning, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté sausage and bell pepper until browned.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in milk; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses and Cajun seasoning. Fold in pasta; broil 2 minutes for browned spots.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with chopped parsley and a squeeze of lemon.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 14: Jalapeño Popper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Cream cheese richness with jalapeño heat.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 jalapeños, seeded and diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup panko mixed with 2 tbsp melted butter\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cream cheese, cheddar, and pepper jack; stir in jalapeños.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine with pasta; top with buttered panko. Bake at 375°F for 15–18 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add crispy bacon bits on top before serving.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 15: Pesto Caprese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Basil pesto with fresh mozzarella pearls.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz orecchiette\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella pearls\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/3 cup basil pesto\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt and pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup pasta water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make a light roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until lightly thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in Parmesan and pesto; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta, tomatoes, and mozzarella. Loosen with pasta water if needed.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with torn basil and a drizzle of olive oil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 16: Sun-Dried Tomato Basil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet-tart tomatoes with herb fragrance.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz fusilli\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup chopped sun-dried tomatoes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian seasoning, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pot, melt butter with oil; whisk in flour for 1 minute.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add milk; simmer to thicken. Stir in Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and sun-dried tomatoes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with toasted pine nuts.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 17: Roasted Garlic Parmesan\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min (+roast) | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet roasted garlic with nutty Parmesan.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 head garlic, roasted and squeezed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Asiago, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp white pepper, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in roasted garlic, Parmesan, and Asiago; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta; adjust with pasta water for silkiness.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a squeeze of lemon and chopped parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 18: Truffle Mushroom\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Earthy mushrooms with truffle aroma.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz campanelle\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 10 oz cremini mushrooms, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups fontina, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp truffle oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper, thyme\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté mushrooms in oil with thyme until browned; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in milk; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses and truffle oil. Combine with pasta; broil 2 minutes for golden spots.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with extra Parmesan and cracked pepper.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 19: Lobster Luxe\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Rich lobster with buttery breadcrumbs.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz cavatappi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cooked lobster meat\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter + 2 tbsp for topping\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups half-and-half\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup panko\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Old Bay, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in half-and-half until thick. Season with Old Bay and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in Gruyère and cheddar; fold in pasta and lobster.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Top with panko tossed in melted butter. Bake at 400°F for 12–14 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Squeeze lemon and garnish with chives.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 20: Crab & Old Bay\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Coastal, savory-sweet crab with spice.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 8 oz lump crab meat\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Old Bay, 1 tsp Dijon, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thickened.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheeses, Dijon, Old Bay, and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and crab gently; warm through.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with crushed butter crackers and parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 21: Shrimp Scampi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Garlicky lemon shrimp.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz linguine\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shrimp, peeled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cloves garlic, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup white wine or broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Juice and zest of 1 lemon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper, red pepper flakes\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté garlic in butter and oil; add shrimp and cook until pink.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Deglaze with wine; reduce briefly. Stir in lemon juice/zest.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss with pasta and Parmesan; loosen with pasta water. Season with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with parsley and extra lemon zest.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 22: Salmon Dill\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy herb sauce with flaky salmon.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz cooked salmon, flaked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Swiss cheese, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp fresh dill, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp lemon zest, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in Swiss and cream cheese; add dill, lemon zest, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and salmon gently.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with dill fronds and cracked pepper.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 23: Tuna Melt Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Classic tuna melt with melty cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cans tuna, drained\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup celery, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup dill pickles, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp mustard powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; mix with tuna, celery, and pickles.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and mustard powder.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine with pasta mixture. Bake at 375°F for 15–18 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with crushed potato chips for crunch.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 24: Greek Feta Olive\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Briny olives and tangy feta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup feta, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Kalamata olives, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp oregano, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Heat olive oil; whisk in flour to form a paste. Add milk; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in mozzarella; stir in oregano, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss in pasta, feta, olives, and tomatoes. Loosen with pasta water as needed.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with cucumber ribbons and olive oil drizzle.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 25: Caponata Eggplant\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet-sour eggplant relish folded into cheese sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 small eggplant, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup diced celery\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup diced onion\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp tomato paste\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp capers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp red wine vinegar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté eggplant, celery, and onion in oil until tender; stir in tomato paste, capers, and vinegar.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add a splash of water; simmer 2 minutes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Off heat, stir in cheeses until creamy; fold in pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add toasted almonds for crunch.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 26: Ratatouille Veggie\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Summer vegetables in a cheesy blanket.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz fusilli\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 zucchini, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 yellow squash, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 red bell pepper, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup diced tomatoes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp herbes de Provence, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté vegetables in oil with herbes, salt, and pepper until tender.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in milk; simmer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and tomatoes. Broil 2 minutes for color.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with torn basil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 27: Roasted Red Pepper Gouda\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet peppers with smoky Gouda.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups smoked Gouda, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp paprika, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk. Season with paprika, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in Gouda and mozzarella.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and roasted peppers; warm through.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add chopped parsley and a drizzle of olive oil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 28: Kimchi Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy, tangy kimchi with sharp cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup kimchi, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp gochujang, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pot, melt butter; whisk in flour. Add milk; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in gochujang; melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and kimchi; heat 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds and scallions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 29: Bulgogi Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet-savory soy beef with melty cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz thin-sliced beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup soy sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp brown sugar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cloves garlic, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp sesame oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp gochugaru, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Marinate beef with soy, sugar, garlic, and sesame oil; sear until caramelized.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour to pan drippings; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses and gochugaru; fold in pasta and beef.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with sesame seeds and sliced scallions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 30: Teriyaki Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet-teriyaki glaze with creamy cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/3 cup teriyaki sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp ginger paste, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Toss chicken with teriyaki sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and ginger until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with sliced scallions and toasted sesame seeds.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 31: Sweet Chili Shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet heat with juicy shrimp.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz linguine\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups coconut milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/3 cup sweet chili sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Lime juice, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sear shrimp in a dab of butter; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add remaining butter and flour; whisk in coconut milk and sweet chili sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; return shrimp and pasta. Adjust with lime and pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with cilantro and lime wedges.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 32: Tikka Masala\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy tomato curry with cheddar melt.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb pasta shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp garam masala\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups tomato puree\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cream or coconut milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Melt butter; bloom garam masala, then whisk in flour.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add tomato puree and cream; simmer until slightly thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chicken. Broil 2 minutes for browned top.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with cilantro and a pinch of garam masala.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 33: Butter Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Silky butter sauce with gentle spice.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp ginger-garlic paste\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp tomato paste\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cream\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup tomato sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garam masala, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pan, melt butter with ginger-garlic and tomato paste; cook 2 minutes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in flour, cream, and tomato sauce; simmer until thick. Add garam masala and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chicken. Broil 2–3 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Dot with yogurt and fresh cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 34: Paneer Makhani\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Tomato-butter sauce with paneer cubes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups tomato puree\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cream or cashew cream\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups paneer, cubed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup paneer grated or feta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp kasuri methi, 1 tsp garam masala, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make a roux with butter and flour; whisk in tomato puree and cream. Simmer with kasuri methi and garam masala.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheeses; fold in paneer and pasta.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Warm through until sauce clings.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with cilantro and a pinch of chili powder.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 35: Birria Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 20 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Slow-braised beef in chili consommé with cheese pull.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb cavatappi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups shredded birria beef (with some jus)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Oaxaca or mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cumin, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup pickled red onions\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk, cumin, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and birria beef with a splash of jus.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Broil 2 minutes; top with pickled onions.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serve with lime wedges and cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 36: Carne Asada\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 20 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Citrus-marinated steak with pepper jack.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb grilled carne asada, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Juice of 1 lime, 1 tsp cumin, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk with cumin, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss pasta with steak and lime juice; fold into sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with cilantro and diced avocado.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 37: Chorizo Queso\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy chorizo queso folded into pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 10 oz Mexican chorizo\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp chili powder, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown chorizo; drain excess fat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; whisk in milk and chili powder until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chorizo.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Scatter with cilantro and pickled jalapeños.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 38: Taco Tuesday\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Seasoned beef with taco toppings.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb ground beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp taco seasoning\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Colby Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown beef with taco seasoning; drain.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick. Season with salt and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and beef. Broil 2 minutes for bubbly top.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, and sour cream before serving.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 39: Enchilada Verde\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Tomatillo sauce with chicken and cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups salsa verde\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup cilantro, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pot, warm salsa verde with cream cheese until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; season with salt and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chicken. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes; top with cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serve with lime crema.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 40: Chipotle Black Bean\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoky chipotle with hearty beans.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can black beans, rinsed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cumin, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk with chipotle and cumin until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; season with salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and black beans.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with crushed tortilla chips and cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 41: Butternut Sage\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Roasted squash with brown butter sage.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups roasted butternut squash cubes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 6 sage leaves\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup fontina, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown butter with sage until crisp; remove leaves.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Whisk flour into browned butter; add milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and squash. Bake at 375°F for 12–15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Crumble fried sage on top.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 42: Pumpkin Brown Butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Nutty brown butter with pumpkin puree.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pumpkin puree\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 tsp nutmeg, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown butter; whisk in flour, then milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in pumpkin, nutmeg, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add toasted pepitas.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 43: Sweet Potato Maple\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Subtle sweetness balanced by salty cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mashed roasted sweet potato\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup smoked Gouda, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp maple syrup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp smoked paprika, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Add sweet potato and maple.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses with paprika, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine with pasta; bake at 375°F for 12–15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with toasted pecans.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 44: Cauliflower Alfredo\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Silky cauliflower puree with Parmesan.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz fettuccine\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups cauliflower florets, steamed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cloves garlic\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper, nutmeg\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Blend steamed cauliflower with garlic and milk until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab In pot, melt butter; add puree and warm. Stir in cheeses, salt, pepper, and nutmeg.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss with pasta; adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add chopped parsley and cracked pepper.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 45: Zucchini Herb\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Light, herbaceous with fresh zucchini.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz farfalle\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 small zucchini, grated and squeezed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian herbs, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté zucchini in olive oil until tender; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and herbs until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and zucchini.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Finish with lemon zest and basil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 46: Peas & Mint\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bright, springy sweetness.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz orecchiette\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups peas (fresh or thawed)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup ricotta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp chopped mint\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper, lemon zest\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; add peas in last 2 minutes; drain.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in ricotta, Parmesan, mint, salt, pepper, and lemon zest.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and peas.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle with olive oil and extra mint.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 47: Primavera Veggie\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Colorful vegetables in a light cheese sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup asparagus pieces\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup bell pepper strips\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian seasoning, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; blanch asparagus with pasta in last 2 minutes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté peppers and tomatoes in oil until softened.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and seasoning.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and vegetables.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add basil ribbons.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 48: Green Goddess\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Herb-packed with tangy yogurt.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup spinach\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup parsley\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup basil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Greek yogurt\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp lemon juice, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Blend spinach, herbs, and yogurt until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken. Melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Stir in herb yogurt and lemon; fold in pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with sliced green onions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 49: Spinach Ricotta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy ricotta with tender spinach.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups fresh spinach\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup ricotta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp nutmeg, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pot, melt butter; add milk, ricotta, and nutmeg. Warm gently.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in mozzarella and Parmesan until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and spinach; wilt gently. Adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Finish with red pepper flakes.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 50: Four-Cheese Supreme\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Blend of cheddar, Gruyère, mozzarella, and Parmesan.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Dijon, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick. Add Dijon.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in all cheeses; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine with pasta; bake at 375°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with toasted breadcrumbs.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 51: Smoked Gouda Bacon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoky cheese with crisp bacon.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 6 strips bacon, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups smoked Gouda, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp bacon; remove. Add butter and flour to drippings; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and bacon; adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add sliced green onions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 52: Applewood Ham Swiss\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoky ham with nutty Swiss.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups diced ham\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Swiss cheese, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp Dijon mustard, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup crushed butter crackers\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; mix with ham.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and Dijon until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine with pasta; top with crushed crackers. Bake at 375°F for 15–18 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with chopped chives.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 53: Philly Steak & Peppers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sautéed peppers and steak with provolone.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz sliced steak\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 onion, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 green bell pepper, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté steak, onion, and pepper in oil until tender; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and steak mix. Broil 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add pickled cherry peppers for zing.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 54: Pepperoni Pizza\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Pizza-inspired with marinara and mozzarella.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups marinara\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup mini pepperoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian seasoning, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; toss with marinara and seasoning.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Stir in half of the cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Transfer to dish; top with remaining cheeses and pepperoni.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Bake at 400°F for 15 minutes until bubbly.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with crushed red pepper and basil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 55: Sausage & Peppers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Italian sausage with sweet peppers.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb Italian sausage, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 red and 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian seasoning, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown sausage; add peppers and sauté until tender.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add butter and flour; whisk in milk and seasoning until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and sausage mix.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with parsley and grated Parmesan.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 56: Meatball Marinara\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Comforting meatballs with cheesy crust.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb ziti\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups marinara\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 small cooked meatballs\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp Italian seasoning, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; toss with marinara and seasoning.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Mix in half the cheeses; add meatballs.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Transfer to baking dish; top with remaining cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Bake at 375°F for 18 minutes until bubbly.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add fresh basil ribbons.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 57: Baked Ziti Mashup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Ricotta pockets with gooey cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb ziti\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups ricotta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups marinara\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp oregano, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; combine with marinara and ricotta.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Stir in half the cheeses and oregano.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Transfer to dish; top with remaining cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Bake at 375°F for 20 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with red pepper flakes.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 58: Carbonara Style\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Silky egg-Parmesan sauce with pancetta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz spaghetti\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz pancetta, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 eggs + 1 yolk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Pecorino, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 tsp black pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup pasta water\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve pasta water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp pancetta; remove from heat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Whisk eggs, yolk, cheeses, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss hot pasta with pancetta and fat; off heat, stir in egg mixture, adding pasta water to create a glossy sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add extra Pecorino and pepper.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 59: Alfredo Bake\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy Alfredo with mozzarella stretch.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb fettuccine\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cloves garlic, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cream\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Melt butter with garlic; add cream and milk; simmer 5 minutes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in Parmesan, salt, and pepper until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss with pasta; top with mozzarella. Bake at 375°F for 12–15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 60: Lemon Pepper Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bright lemon and cracked pepper.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Zest and juice of 1 lemon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cracked black pepper, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheeses, lemon zest/juice, pepper, and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add extra lemon zest and parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 61: Herbed Rotisserie Leftover\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Rotisserie chicken with herb cream.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp mixed herbs (parsley, thyme, chives)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Add cream cheese to melt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheddar, herbs, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a squeeze of lemon.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 62: Farmers Market Corn\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet corn with scallions and cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz cavatappi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups corn kernels\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 scallions, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp smoked paprika, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté corn and scallions in butter; add flour and cook 1 minute.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Whisk in milk and paprika; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheddar; fold in pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with extra scallions and paprika.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 63: Elote Street Corn\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Cotija, lime, and chili-lime crema.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups charred corn\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cotija, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp lime juice\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp chili powder, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and chili powder.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in pepper jack; stir in lime juice and cotija.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and charred corn.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with Tajín and cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 64: BLT Mac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bacon, lettuce, tomato twist.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 6 strips bacon, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups shredded romaine (added off heat)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp bacon; remove. Add butter and flour; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta, bacon, and tomatoes; toss romaine in off heat.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle with ranch dressing.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 65: Dill Pickle Crunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Tangy pickles with sharp cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup dill pickles, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp dill weed, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup crushed kettle chips\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Add dill weed, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar; fold in pasta and pickles.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Top servings with crushed chips.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a splash of pickle brine for extra tang.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 66: Nashville Hot Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy oil with crispy topping.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups crispy chicken tenders, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup Nashville hot oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup pepper jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cayenne, salt\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup toasted breadcrumbs\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; toss chicken with hot oil.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk with cayenne and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Combine pasta, chicken, and sauce; top with breadcrumbs. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle extra hot oil after baking.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 67: Honey Mustard Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet-tangy sauce with cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup honey mustard\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Colby, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in honey mustard and cheeses; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add sliced green onions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 68: Maple Sausage Breakfast\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Breakfast sausage with maple sweetness.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb breakfast sausage\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup maple syrup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Colby Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown sausage; drain excess fat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and maple syrup; simmer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses and pepper; fold in pasta and sausage. Broil 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serve with a fried egg on top.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 69: Bagel & Lox Brunch\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Cream cheese base with smoked salmon.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz mini bowties\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz smoked salmon, flaked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Swiss cheese, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp capers\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp lemon juice\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp everything bagel seasoning\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Melt cream cheese with milk until smooth; stir in Swiss.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add lemon juice, capers, bagel seasoning, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and salmon; adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with dill and extra seasoning.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 70: French Onion Gratin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 35 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Deeply caramelized onions with Gruyère crust.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 large onions, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp olive oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups beef broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp thyme, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup toasted baguette crumbs\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Caramelize onions in butter and oil with thyme until deep golden.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add flour; cook 1 minute. Whisk in broth; reduce slightly.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta. Top with baguette crumbs; bake at 400°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 71: Beer Cheese Brat\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Malty beer cheese with bratwurst.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 bratwursts, sliced and browned\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup lager beer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Gouda, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp mustard powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown brat slices; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in beer, then milk; simmer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses and seasoning; fold in pasta and brats. Broil 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with chopped chives and mustard drizzle.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 72: Stout Braised Beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 20 min | Cook: 30 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Rich stout-braised beef with cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups shredded stout-braised beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup stout\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups beef broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup fontina, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in stout and broth; reduce to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses with pepper and salt.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and beef. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with fried shallots.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 73: Cider Apple Cheddar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Tart apple cider with sharp cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 apple, diced and sautéed\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup apple cider\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp mustard powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté diced apple in 1 tbsp butter; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with remaining butter and flour; whisk in cider and milk.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheddar and mustard powder; season. Fold in pasta and apples.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add toasted walnuts.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 74: Blue Cheese & Walnut\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bold blue cheese with nutty crunch.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup blue cheese, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup toasted walnuts, chopped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in blue cheese and mozzarella until smooth; add pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and walnuts.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Drizzle with honey.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 75: Pear Gorgonzola\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet pear with creamy Gorgonzola.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz farfalle\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 ripe pear, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup fontina, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup toasted pecans\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Black pepper, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté pear in 1 tbsp butter until softened; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with remaining butter and flour; whisk in milk.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; season. Fold in pasta and pear; top with pecans.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a drizzle of balsamic glaze.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 76: Fig Prosciutto\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Sweet figs with salty prosciutto.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/2 cup chopped dried figs\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 slices prosciutto, crisped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Black pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp prosciutto; crumble.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk until thick. Melt in cheeses and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta, figs, and prosciutto.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add arugula on top.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 77: Smoked Salmon Pea\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Savory salmon with sweet peas.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz orecchiette\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 oz smoked salmon, flaked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup peas\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Swiss cheese, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp dill, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; add peas last 2 minutes; drain.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Stir in cream cheese and Swiss.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add dill, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta, peas, and salmon.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add lemon zest and extra dill.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 78: Sardine & Lemon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 8 min | Cook: 15 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Briny sardines with bright citrus.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz spaghetti\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can sardines in oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Zest and juice of 1 lemon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Red pepper flakes, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Warm sardines in their oil; add butter and flour; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in Parmesan, lemon zest/juice, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Toss with pasta; adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with toasted breadcrumbs.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 79: Clam Chowder Style\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Creamy clam chowder essence.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cans chopped clams with juice\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 strips bacon, diced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup diced potatoes, parboiled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cream\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp thyme, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp bacon; remove. Add butter and flour; whisk in clam juice, milk, and cream.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add thyme, salt, and pepper; stir in potatoes and clams.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheddar; fold in pasta and bacon.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with oyster crackers and parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 80: Chili Mac Ranchero\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Hearty chili folded into cheesy pasta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb elbow pasta\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb ground beef\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can diced tomatoes with chiles\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can kidney beans, drained\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp chili powder\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown beef with chili powder; add tomatoes and beans; simmer 5 minutes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux in same pan; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheddar; fold in pasta and chili mixture.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with sour cream and green onions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 81: Firehouse Three-Bean\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy beans with smoky cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can black beans\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can pinto beans\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can cannellini beans\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 chipotle pepper, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups smoked cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cumin, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Warm beans with chipotle and cumin.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken; melt in cheddar.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and beans; season with salt and pepper.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add crushed tortilla chips.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 82: Smoky Paprika Turkey\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Smoked paprika turkey with creamy cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb ground turkey\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp smoked paprika\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown turkey with smoked paprika; season with salt and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and turkey.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with parsley and paprika.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 83: Thai Red Curry\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Coconut curry with mozzarella stretch.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp red curry paste\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can coconut milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup chicken broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Monterey Jack, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp fish sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp brown sugar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Lime juice, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab In pot, simmer curry paste with coconut milk and broth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add fish sauce and brown sugar; melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta; finish with lime juice and salt.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with cilantro and lime zest.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 84: Coconut Lime Shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Bright lime over creamy coconut shrimp.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz linguine\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shrimp\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can coconut milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Juice and zest of 1 lime\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Parmesan, grated\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; reserve 1/2 cup water.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sear shrimp; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt butter; whisk in flour, then coconut milk. Simmer.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Stir in cheeses, lime juice/zest, salt, and pepper. Fold in pasta and shrimp; adjust with pasta water.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with cilantro and chili flakes.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 85: Lemongrass Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Fragrant lemongrass with creamy finish.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups cooked chicken, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 stalk lemongrass, minced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups coconut milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp fish sauce, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté lemongrass in butter; add flour to make roux.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Whisk in coconut milk and fish sauce; simmer until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add lime wedges on the side.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 86: Miso Sesame\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 18 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Umami miso with toasted sesame.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz udon or rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp white miso\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp toasted sesame oil\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sesame seeds, scallions\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Melt butter; whisk in miso and flour; add milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in cheeses and sesame oil.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta; top with sesame seeds and scallions.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add a dash of rice vinegar for brightness.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 87: Teriyaki Tofu\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Crispy tofu with teriyaki glaze.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rotini\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 14 oz firm tofu, cubed and crisped\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/3 cup teriyaki sauce\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp ginger, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Crisp tofu in oil; toss with teriyaki sauce.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and ginger until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and tofu.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with sesame seeds and scallions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 88: Crispy Paneer\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Golden paneer cubes with spiced cheese sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 14 oz paneer, cubed and pan-fried\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garam masala, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Fry paneer until golden; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and garam masala.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and paneer.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with cilantro and a squeeze of lime.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 89: Falafel Spiced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Cumin-coriander spice with tahini drizzle.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can chickpeas, roasted\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cumin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp coriander\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups feta, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp tahini + lemon juice for drizzle\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Toast chickpeas with cumin and coriander until crisp.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken. Melt in mozzarella and half the feta; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chickpeas. Drizzle tahini-lemon; top with remaining feta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add chopped parsley and sumac.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 90: Za'atar Roasted Veg\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Herbaceous za'atar with roasted veggies.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mixed vegetables (carrot, cauliflower, zucchini), roasted with 2 tbsp olive oil and 1 tbsp za'atar\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk with garlic powder; simmer to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheeses; season with salt and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and roasted vegetables; broil 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Sprinkle with extra za'atar and olive oil.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 91: Moroccan Chickpea\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Warm spices with sweet apricot accents.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 can chickpeas, drained\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup chopped dried apricots\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cumin\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp cinnamon\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup Gruyère, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Toast chickpeas with cumin and cinnamon; add apricots.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and chickpea mix; season.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with toasted almonds and cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 92: Harissa Halloumi\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Spicy harissa with squeaky halloumi cubes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 8 oz halloumi, cubed and seared\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp harissa paste\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup feta, crumbled\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sear halloumi until golden; remove.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and harissa until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in mozzarella; fold in pasta and halloumi; top with feta.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add mint leaves and lemon wedges.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 93: Shawarma Spiced Lamb\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Warm shawarma spices with creamy sauce.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rigatoni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz ground lamb\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp shawarma spice blend\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown lamb with shawarma spice; drain excess fat.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and lamb; season.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with yogurt sauce and parsley.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 94: Sumac Roasted Chicken\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Citrusy sumac with creamy cheddar.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups roasted chicken, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp sumac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups white cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk with garlic powder until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar; stir in sumac, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and chicken.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with parsley and lemon wedges.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 95: Caraway Cabbage Kielbasa\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Eastern European-inspired with caraway crunch.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb egg noodles\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz kielbasa, sliced\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups shredded cabbage\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups Swiss cheese, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp caraway seeds, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook noodles; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Brown kielbasa; add cabbage and caraway; sauté until tender.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk to thicken; melt in Swiss.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in noodles and kielbasa mixture; season.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add chopped dill.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 96: Pierogi-Inspired Potato\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Potato-cheddar with onion topping.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb shells\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mashed potatoes\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup caramelized onions\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 4 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1/4 cup flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups sharp cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tsp garlic powder, salt, pepper\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup breadcrumbs\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and garlic powder until thick. Stir in mashed potatoes.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Melt in cheddar; season.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and onions; top with breadcrumbs. Bake at 375°F for 15 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Garnish with sour cream and chives.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 97: Everything Bagel Cauli\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Roasted cauliflower with everything seasoning.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups roasted cauliflower florets\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cream cheese\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp everything bagel seasoning\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk until thick. Stir in cream cheese until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add cheddar, seasoning, salt, and pepper.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta and cauliflower.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with extra seasoning and scallions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 98: Biryani-Spiced Veg\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 6 | Prep: 15 min | Cook: 25 min | Style: Skillet-baked\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Fragrant spices with mixed vegetables.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 lb penne\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mixed vegetables (peas, carrots, green beans)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 1/2 cups milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tsp biryani spice blend\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Sauté vegetables lightly; set aside.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Make roux; whisk in milk and biryani spices until thick.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Melt in cheeses; fold in pasta and vegetables. Broil 2 minutes.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with fried onions and cilantro.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 99: Pho Broth Mac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 22 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Aromatic pho spices with silky cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz rice noodles or macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups pho-style broth (star anise, cinnamon, clove infused)\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup provolone, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp fish sauce, 1 tsp hoisin, lime juice, salt\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook pasta in pho broth until just tender; reserve 1/2 cup broth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and reserved broth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Stir in fish sauce, hoisin, and cheeses until smooth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in pasta; finish with lime juice and salt.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Add cilantro, basil, and sliced scallions.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs28\sa200 Recipe 100: Ramen Broth Mac\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Serves: 4 | Prep: 10 min | Cook: 20 min | Style: Stovetop\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Flavor notes: Savory ramen base with creamy cheese.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Ingredients \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 12 oz ramen noodles (discard seasoning) or macaroni\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 3 cups rich chicken broth\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp butter\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 2 tbsp flour\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup milk\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 1/2 cups cheddar, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 cup mozzarella, shredded\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab 1 tbsp soy sauce, 1 tsp sesame oil, salt, pepper\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Directions \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 1.\tab Cook noodles in broth until tender; reserve 1/2 cup broth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 2.\tab Make roux with butter and flour; whisk in milk and reserved broth.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 3.\tab Add soy sauce and sesame oil; melt in cheeses.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0 4.\tab Fold in noodles; season with salt and pepper.\par
\par
\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1\f0 \b Finishing Touch \b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab Top with soft-boiled egg halves and nori strips.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Batch Cooking & Freezing\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Freezer-friendly: \b0 Baked styles (pan 9x13) freeze well. Underbake by 5 minutes; cool, wrap tightly, and freeze up to 2 months.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Reheat: \b0 Thaw overnight. Bake covered at 350°F for 25–35 minutes, adding 1/2 cup milk if dry.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Meal prep cups: \b0 Portion into muffin tins, bake, cool, and freeze for quick snacks.\par
\par
\pard\b\f1\fs36\sa280 Conversions & Measurements\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Volume: \b0 1 cup = 240 ml; 1 tbsp = 15 ml; 1 tsp = 5 ml.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Weight (cheese, shredded): \b0 1 cup ≈ 4 oz (115 g).\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Pasta: \b0 1 lb (454 g) dry pasta yields ~8 cups cooked.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Oven temps: \b0 350°F = 175°C; 375°F = 190°C; 400°F = 205°C.\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\f0\u8226\tab \b Pan sizes: \b0 9x13 in pan ≈ 3 qt; 8x8 in pan ≈ 2 qt; 10–12 in skillet ≈ 3 qt.\par
}